Includes response output: spo app until spo eventreceiver commands. Closes #3929 (#5540)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/spo/cdn/cdn-set.mdx

```md definition-list
`-e, --enabled <enabled>`

> : Set to true to enable CDN or to false to disable it. Valid values are `true`, `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Set to true to enable CDN or to false to disable it. Allowed values: `true`, `false`.
```
